README.md, before:

# Grace & Garments

## Overview

Grace & Garments is a chic and stylish storefront built with Angular. This project showcases various Angular concepts, including standalone apps, modules, services, components and routing. Users can perform basic CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations on products, featuring unique outfit ideas that have been custom designed using Canva.

## Table of Contents

- [Grace \& Garments](#grace--garments)
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Usage](#usage)

## Features

- **Standalone App**: The project is structured as a standalone Angular application.
- **Modules**: Utilises Angular modules for better organisation and separation of concerns.
- **Services**: Demonstrates the use of Angular services for data management and business logic.
- **Components**: Various components for different parts of the storefront, such as product listing, editing and addition.
- **Routing**: Implements Angular routing to navigate between different sections of the application.
- **CRUD Operations**: Users can perform Create, Read, Update and Delete operations on products.
- **Custom Images**: All images were customised in Canva, presenting a unique and stylish selection of outfits.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- Node.js and npm
- Angular CLI:

  ```zsh
  npm install -g @angular/cli
  ```

- PrimeNG

### Installation

Clone the repository:

```zsh
git clone https://github.com/jediahjireh/grace-and-garments.git
```

Navigate into the project directory:

```zsh
cd grace-and-garments/storefront
```

Install dependencies:

```zsh
npm install
```

### Usage

Run the development server:

```zsh
ng serve
```

Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/` to see the app in action.

Commit message:

feat: implement edit, create and delete functionality in the UI
- Add edit, create and delete buttons for product management
- Update paginator to reflect changes in the products list
- Include relevant modules for enhanced functionality
- Refine header menu for better navigation
- Review updated UI
- Implement pipes
- Organise form groups for better structure

README.md, after:

# Grace & Garments - Angular Storefront

## Overview

Grace & Garments is a chic and stylish storefront built with Angular. This project showcases various Angular concepts including standalone apps, modules, services, components and routing. Users can perform basic CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations on products, featuring unique outfit ideas that have been custom designed using Canva.

## Table of Contents

- [Grace \& Garments - Angular Storefront](#grace--garments---angular-storefront)
  - [Overview](#overview)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Features](#features)
  - [Getting Started](#getting-started)
    - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
    - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Usage](#usage)

## Features

- **Standalone App:** The project is structured as a standalone Angular application for better encapsulation.
- **Modules:** Utilises Angular modules for improved organisation and separation of concerns.
- **Services:** Implements Angular services for efficient data management and business logic.
- **Components:** Includes various components for product listing, editing and addition.
- **Routing:** Uses Angular routing for smooth navigation between different sections of the application.
- **CRUD Operations:** Supports Create, Read, Update and Delete operations on products.
- **Custom Images:** All images have been designed or customised in [Canva](canva.com), showcasing a unique selection of stylish outfits.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

- Node.js and npm
- Angular CLI:

  ```zsh
  npm install -g @angular/cli
  ```

- PrimeNG

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```zsh
   git clone https://github.com/jediahjireh/grace-and-garments.git
   ```

2. Navigate into the project directory:

   ```zsh
   cd grace-and-garments/storefront
   ```

3. Install dependencies:

   ```zsh
   npm install
   ```

### Usage

1. Run the development server:

   ```zsh
   ng serve
   ```

2. Open your browser and navigate to the [default localhost](http://localhost:4200/) to see the application in action.

---
